monocotyledons tangi you thick mud giant
alocasia hoy whoo hoo hoo whoo RAC teen
Nam sang for this is a common peroneal
hub which grows in shady damp areas the
leaves are large and heart-shaped dark
green in color with prominent veins they
stand erect on thick leaf stock the
flowers are in the form of a spade ease
or your soda factory in Chinese at the
tip of a 50 cm tall stock which arises
from the base of the leaves the Spade is
is surrounded by the modified leaf color
space or fog in bow in Chinese which is
used to return and shredded by the time
the first develop the upper portion of
the spadix consists of male flowers
whereas the lower portion the female
flowers the fruits will eventually
develop on the spadix to form a tightly
packed column repin fruits are orange in
color Park germ a racy teen Nam sang for
this is another member of the array see
often planted as an ornamental due to
its beautiful spadix and space it is
similar to a location in many ways but
differs in the shape and size of the
leaves the space is white in color and
hence it is called pop gem in Cantonese
snake plant for Milan agave see long
line for this is a common ornamental
plant which lack stem the leaves
resemble the salts with a pointed tip
the leaves are
with sheets of horizontal dark green
pants on the surface this spending
features is reminiscent of a tiger tail
and hence it is called fool mainland in
Chinese bird of paradise tint on Neil
strelitzia see Laurie until four this is
a beautiful ornamental plant the leaves
are arranged in a fan light pattern with
long stalks the orange flowers are
supported by a horizontal boat ship hot
purplish brown bread the space with the
pointed tip the overall appearance of
the 40 parts resembles the head of a
bird hence it is called ting tong new in
Chinese